What if the main method is declared as private?
What if the static modifier is removed from the signature of the main method?
What is Inheritance?
What is Aggregation?
What is composition?
What is encapsulation?
What are different types of access modifiers?
What if I write static public void instead of public static void?
What environment variables do I need to set on my machine in order to be able to run Java programs?
Can I have multiple main methods in the same class?
Do I need to import java.lang package any time? Why ?
Can I import same package/class twice? Will the JVM load the package twice at runtime?
What is Overloading & Overriding?
What's the difference between an interface and an abstract class?
How do you know if an explicit object casting is needed?
What's the difference between constructors and other methods?
Can you call one constructor from another if a class has multiple constructors
Explain the usage of Java packages.
What would you use to compare two String variables - the operator == or the method equals()? 
What access level do you need to specify in the class declaration to ensure that only classes from the same directory can access it?
Can there be an abstract class with no abstract methods in it?
Can an Interface be final? 
Can we define private and protected modifiers for variables in interfaces? 
What modifiers are allowed for methods in an Interface? 
What is a local, member and a class variable?  
What does it mean that a method or field is "static"? 
Difference between JRE/JVM/JDK? 
Is null a keyword?  
What are wrapped classes? 
What restrictions are placed on the location of a package statement within a source code file?

What are Checked and UnChecked Exception?
Does it matter in what order catch statements for FileNotFoundException and IOExceptipon are written? 
What is serialization?
What is Externalizable? 
Explain the usage of the keyword transient?
How can you force garbage collection?
How would you make a copy of an entire Java object with its state?
What's the main difference between a Vector and an ArrayList 
What is collection?
What is difference between final, finally, finalize?
What is synchronization? 
What are different levels of synchronization?